TODO.md, before:

### Enhancements
~~nicolocarpignoli

- Refactor: make gps-camera-position and gps-camera-rotation one single component, talking to entity-place via events. gps-camera-debug becomes an attribute
- Remove every setInterval interaction between aframe components. Refactor this part, is not only for demo purposes

- Do not update entity (place) position if there is too much difference between consequential user GPS positions (i.e. gps signal is not so stable, so if position is changing a lot in 1-2 seconds, do not consider that --> this may cause problems if user is in a car or some kind of fast moving transport?)
- Add UX/UI and messages when gps access is not granted by the user (events for that should be available as for camera permissions on AR.js)
- Add UX/UI and messages when gps data is not available or there's very poor signal (is there any events for that?)
- try to integrate altitude
- ...


### Demo todos

- show something at user's location
- show something near user's location

Commit message:

feat: working again after gps-camera single component refactor. now demo works and show bigger text with places name

TODO.md, after:

### Enhancements
~~nicolocarpignoli

TODO

- Remove every setInterval interaction between aframe components
- Add an alert also when user has not granted permissions for geolocation (for the current webapp)
- Do not update entity (place) position if there is too much difference between consequential user GPS positions (i.e. gps signal is not so stable, so if position is changing a lot in 1-2 seconds, do not consider that --> this may cause problems if user is in a car or some kind of fast moving transport?)
- Add UX/UI and messages when gps data is not available or there's very poor signal (is there any events for that?)
- try to integrate altitude
- ...

DONE

- Added comments and cleaned code using a more standard formatting and coding practices 
- Refactor: merged `gps-camera-position` and `gps-camera-rotation` into one single component, interacting with `gps-entity-place`s using events. `gps-camera-debug` is now an attribute of the `a-scene`
- Updated to last `a-frame` version, adapting code according to this
- Removed unuseful and confusing parts of the code
- Added a better demo
- Enhanced Documentation
- Added an alert message when geolocation is switched off (from Phone Settings)


### Demo todos

- show something at user's location
- show something near user's location
